\[TODO\]
\subsection{Future Work} % (fold)
\label{sub:future_work}

\subsubsection{Weaknesses}
Given the relatively unexplored landscape and the restrictions of the \reddit{}
API, there exist many weaknesses in our analysis of \reddit{}.

First and foremost, a larger pool of users need to be analysed in order to get a
better, more complete picture of what \reddit{} is truly like. 3,200 users is an
incredibly small subset of the number of users \reddit{} has, and does not paint
a full picture of how reliable the site is as a whole. A less biased pool of
users would also be beneficial in trying to come up with a more robust model; in
training, we artificially took our data and converted it from its natural bias
of roughly 90% unreliable users into a 50% bias in order to allow our model to
actually learn useful features. Having access to a pool of usernames that were
deemed as being active and reliable would have helped immensely in decreasing
the inherent bias and in turn, would have accelerated the data
gathering/analysis process.

Secondly, more signals could be included in our classifier. Due to time
constraints, there were features we would have liked to add into our classifier
that we were unable to include, such as a temporal analysis of a user's
reliability factoring into how reliable they may be at any given time. It is
also worth noting that the data we have is solely limited to what \reddit{}
provides openly, and the model we have could be made more robust if greater
access to data (such as subreddit subscriptions, etc) were provided.

Third, the training dataset was created rather subjectively instead of being
created/scored by numerous individuals blindly. Given sufficient resources, the
training dataset would have ideally been created via the use of Amazon
Mechanical Turk, allowing for the crowdsourcing (and inherent cross-validation)
of the training dataset. It also would allow us to have a test set to work off
of, which we unfortunately did not have the resources to generate given the
difficulty involved in generating a set of reliable users.

\subsubsection{Conclusion}

Given the set of users we have obtained in conjunction with the variability that
exists among the various subsets of reddit users there exists weaknesses in our
analysis. However, given the current state of research of reddit and the
increasing reliance of individuals on reddit as a source of reliable information
our contribution noteworthy for the purpose of exploration with respect to
reddit as an up-and-coming source of information.

Something something exploratory/first exploration of field

something something Apollo \cite{Le:2011:DDL:2070942.2071018}.

\[TODO\]

% subsection future_work (end)


\subsection{Open Issues} % (fold)
\label{sub:open_issues}

Something something hard to establish ground truth

Voting on reddit will always be somewhat ambiguous

% subsection open_issues (end)
